<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html">
    
    <h:outputStylesheet>
        .rf-ac {
        width: 500px;
        }
 
        .rf-ac-itm-c {
        height: 220px;
        }
    </h:outputStylesheet>
    
    <h:head>
        <title>Richfaces Welcome Page</title>
    </h:head>
    <h:body>
        <rich:panel header="Welcome to Richfaces">
            RichFaces is an advanced UI component framework for easily integrating Ajax capabilities into business applications using JSF.  Check out the links below to lear more about using RichFaces in your application.
            <ul>
                <li><h:outputLink value="http://richfaces.org" >Richfaces Project Home Page</h:outputLink></li>
                <li><h:outputLink value="http://showcase.richfaces.org" >Richfaces Showcase</h:outputLink></li>
                <li><h:outputLink value="https://community.jboss.org/en/richfaces?view=discussions" >User Forum</h:outputLink></li>
                <li><h:outputLink value="http://www.jboss.org/richfaces/docs" >Richfaces documentation...</h:outputLink>
                    <ul>
                        <li><h:outputLink value="http://docs.jboss.org/richfaces/latest_4_X/Developer_Guide/en-US/html_single/" >Development Guide</h:outputLink></li>
                        <li><h:outputLink value="http://docs.jboss.org/richfaces/latest_4_X/Component_Reference/en-US/html/" >Component Reference</h:outputLink></li>
                        <li><h:outputLink value="http://docs.jboss.org/richfaces/latest_4_X/vdldoc/" >Tag Library Docs</h:outputLink></li>
                    </ul>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </rich:panel>
        
        
        <h:form>
        <rich:accordion switchType="client">
            <rich:accordionItem header="Overview:">
                <h:graphicImage value="/images/rf.png" style="float:right" alt="rf" />
                RichFaces is a component library for JSF and an advanced framework for
                easily integrating AJAX capabilities into business applications.
                <ul>
                    <li>100+ AJAX enabled components in two libraries</li>
                    <li>a4j: page centric AJAX controls</li>
                    <li>rich: self contained, ready to use components</li>
                    <li>Whole set of JSF benefits while working with AJAX</li>
                    <li>Skinnability mechanism</li>
                    <li>Component Development Kit (CDK)</li>
                    <li>Dynamic resources handling</li>
                    <li>Testing facilities for components, actions, listeners, and pages</li>
                    <li>Broad cross-browser support</li>
                    <li>Large and active community</li>
                </ul>
            </rich:accordionItem>
            <rich:accordionItem header="JSF 2 and RichFaces 4:">
                <p>We are working hard on RichFaces 4.0 which will have full JSF 2 integration. That is not all though, here
                    is a summary of updates and features:</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>Redesigned modular repository and build system.</li>
                    <li>Simplified Component Development Kit with annotations, faces-config extensions, advanced templates
                        support and more..</li>
                    <li>Ajax framework improvements extending the JSF 2 specification.</li>
                    <li>Component review for consistency, usability, and redesign following semantic HTML principles where
                        possible.</li>
                    <li>Both server-side and client-side performance optimization.</li>
                    <li>Strict code clean-up and review.</li>
                </ul>
            </rich:accordionItem>
        </rich:accordion>
    </h:form>
        
    </h:body>
</html>
